# FAQ

## Is this is a tutor student matchmaking service?

Tewtin is a platform for high volume independent tutors to deliver lessons
online and perform routine administration tasks. It is not primarily a tutor
student matchmaking service. However, an interesting side-effect
of catering to only high volume tutors, is that if you are a student looking
for a tutor, you can be assured that the ones you find here are probably
good. They are tutoring 50 or more students a week because they are good at
what they do.

## You expect me to pay for video conferencing when Skype is free?

The tutors who will benefit the most from using this platform have a high
volume of students. They don't want to be dialing in 3 or more students each
hour for 5 hours. Tutors with low volumes of students will not benefit much.
However, if you want to scale to 100s of students then Tewtin will be able to
deliver an interactive style broadcast. Imagine trying to manage 10 students
with Skype in a single call?

Additionally Skype has problems with privacy. Your usage of Skype means that
3rd parties can use your data and the students for advertising ([see the
Skype Privacy Statement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/privacystatement)). We don't
believe that education should be delivered this way. Parents are becoming
more aware of the unexpected side effects of the advertising model that
drives a lot of these free tools. They are concerned about the data footprint
of their children, and seek to minimise this. Tewtin helps here because we do
not advertise on behalf of 3rd parties.

## What's the profile of your typical user?

Our trial users are high volume independant tutors and their students. These
tutors make tutoring a full time occupation and are tutoring 50 or more
students a week. They run their classroom's out of their home's typically
standing in front of a whiteboard, simulating a classroom environment that
you would find at a school.

## Why high volume independent tutors?

They are currently an underserved vertical market. There's nothing out there
specifically designed to enable them take advantage of the scale that the
internet can provide and help them with routine tasks.

## Do you have a virtual whiteboard?

No. Our typical user is already standing infront of a physical whiteboard.
They are not sitting at the computer delivering a lesson. Our user interface
is designed with this in mind. We have plans to use augmented reality and AI
to enhance this experience. AI will allow control of Tewtin from the
whiteboard without the tutor being at the keyboard. AR will allow the video
stream to be manipulated with information pertaining to the lesson.
