# Tewtin Terms of Service

## Terms

By accessing the website at http://www.tewtin.com, you are agreeing to be
bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and
agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or
accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by
applicable copyright and trademark law.


## Disclaimer

  
The materials on Tewtin's website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Tewtin
makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates
all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or
conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Tewtin does not warrant or make any representations concerning the
accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its
website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to
this site.

## Limitations

In no event shall Tewtin or its suppliers be liable for any damages
(including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due
to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the
materials on Tewtin's website, even if Tewtin or a Tewtin authorized
representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of
such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied
warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental
damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

## Accuracy of materials

The materials appearing on Tewtin's website could include technical,
typographical, or photographic errors. Tewtin does not warrant that any of
the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Tewtin may
make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without
notice. However Tewtin does not make any commitment to update the
materials.

## Links

Tewtin has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not
responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any
link does not imply endorsement by Tewtin of the site. Use of any such linked
website is at the user's own risk.

## Modifications

Tewtin may revise these terms of service for its website at any time
without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the
then current version of these terms of service.

## Governing Law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of Australia, Victoria and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
